- [#A] #Cell Uso de imágenes como transporte de datos: utilizaremos entonces colecciones de pngs de n bandas, donde n es el número de bytes necesario para definir el datatype y su precisión (entero sin signo 0-255 -> n=1; entero corto con signo −32767-+32767 -> n=2; float n=4; double n=8… en general se siguen los datatypes de C, pero nada nos impide determinar otros como minifloats…). Estos png son decodificados utilizando los métodos de canvas html5 (drawImage(), getImageData()) - existen procedimientos WegGL similares con rendimientos superiores- combinados con la generación 11de matrices tipadas, que cuentan con métodos para realizar cálculos sobre ellas de forma muy ágil, con la finalidad de combinarlas diferentes variables, filtrar valores, etc. y finalmente representarlas a demanda del cliente. Todo ello para conjuntos de datos del orden de millones.
- [#A] Para el próximo ordenador hay que enterarse si se puede utilizar NVIDIA + CUDA en Linux.
  collapsed:: true
  - Ver cómo se haría.
  - Is Linux a good platform to use NVIDIA CUDA GPU accelerated data algorithms? Does NVIDIA provides a good CUDA interface for Linux?
    - Yes, Linux is a very good platform for using NVIDIA CUDA GPU accelerated data algorithms. In fact, Linux is one of the most widely used platforms for GPU computing, due in part to its flexibility, performance, and the availability of open-source software tools.
    - NVIDIA provides a very good CUDA interface for Linux, with full support for a wide range of Linux distributions, including Ubuntu, CentOS, Red Hat Enterprise Linux, and others. The CUDA toolkit includes all the necessary libraries, tools, and drivers to enable GPU acceleration on Linux, as well as a comprehensive set of documentation and examples to help developers get started.
    - In addition to the core CUDA toolkit, NVIDIA also provides a number of additional software packages and libraries that are specifically designed for use with CUDA on Linux, including cuDNN for deep learning, cuBLAS for linear algebra, and many others. These packages provide optimized versions of popular algorithms that are designed to take full advantage of the parallel processing power of NVIDIA GPUs.
    - Overall, Linux provides an excellent platform for developing and running NVIDIA CUDA GPU accelerated data algorithms, and NVIDIA provides a robust and well-supported CUDA interface for Linux that makes it easy to get started with GPU computing on this platform.